README.md, before:

# React/Redux App: Would You Rather?

## Project Information

### About

This project was the Redux project for the Udacity React Nanodegree program. The application heavily uses Redux and React to simulate the popular "Would You Rather?" game. Users have the option to answer questions, ask new questions, and view leaderboards against other users.

### Concepts

Include information about the concepts, technologies, packages, and frameworks used to develop the project

- React was used to create the UI and compartmentalize various reusable components that were used to construct other pieces of the UI
- Redux was used to create a centralized model of the state and data within the application
- React Router was used to provide URL listeners and assist in allowing the user to navigate to various parts of the application

## User Interface

![](https://github.com/raicalvin/pictures/blob/master/pix-rend-p2-would-you-rather/pic1.png)![](https://github.com/raicalvin/pictures/blob/master/pix-rend-p2-would-you-rather/pic2.png)![](https://github.com/raicalvin/pictures/blob/master/pix-rend-p2-would-you-rather/pic3.png)

## User Experience

Coming soon...

## Getting Started

### Downloading

You may download the project files for this application by using the following Git command in your Terminal:

```
git clone https://github.com/raicalvin/rend-p2-would-you-rather.git
```

### Installing

To install all dependencies for this application, CD into the project directory and run the following command:

```
npm install
```

### Running

Once all dependencies are installed, you may run the application by using the following command:

```
npm start
```

If the application does not automatically open up a new browser tab, you can manually navigate to the local host at: http://localhost:3000

## Code Examples

Coming soon...

## Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - The official React website
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) - The official Redux website
- [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router) - Documentation for React Router

## Authors

- Calvin S Rai - _Designer & Developer_ - [GitHub](https://github.com/raicalvin)

## License

Coming soon...

## Contact

My name is Calvin! :]

Check out my other work here on [GitHub](https://github.com/raicalvin).

You can also reach me by [email](mailto:raicalvin@gmail.com)!

Commit message:

Updated User Experience section in README

README.md, after:

# React/Redux App: Would You Rather?

## Project Information

### About

This project was the Redux project for the Udacity React Nanodegree program. The application heavily uses Redux and React to simulate the popular "Would You Rather?" game. Users have the option to answer questions, ask new questions, and view leaderboards against other users.

### Concepts

Include information about the concepts, technologies, packages, and frameworks used to develop the project

- React was used to create the UI and compartmentalize various reusable components that were used to construct other pieces of the UI
- Redux was used to create a centralized model of the state and data within the application
- React Router was used to provide URL listeners and assist in allowing the user to navigate to various parts of the application

## User Interface

![](https://github.com/raicalvin/pictures/blob/master/pix-rend-p2-would-you-rather/pic1.png)![](https://github.com/raicalvin/pictures/blob/master/pix-rend-p2-would-you-rather/pic2.png)![](https://github.com/raicalvin/pictures/blob/master/pix-rend-p2-would-you-rather/pic3.png)

## User Experience

When a user opens the application, they are greeted with a login page that simulates multiple people being able to log into their personal game accounts. Users can navigate to the different parts of the app using the navigation panel and users can view question details and answers by clicking on specific questions from their Dashboard.

Users are also able to add questions of their own which will appear to all users as well as answers other users' questions and view total scores on the Leaderboard.

## Getting Started

### Downloading

You may download the project files for this application by using the following Git command in your Terminal:

```
git clone https://github.com/raicalvin/rend-p2-would-you-rather.git
```

### Installing

To install all dependencies for this application, CD into the project directory and run the following command:

```
npm install
```

### Running

Once all dependencies are installed, you may run the application by using the following command:

```
npm start
```

If the application does not automatically open up a new browser tab, you can manually navigate to the local host at: http://localhost:3000

## Code Examples

Coming soon...

## Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - The official React website
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) - The official Redux website
- [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router) - Documentation for React Router

## Authors

- Calvin S Rai - _Designer & Developer_ - [GitHub](https://github.com/raicalvin)

## License

Coming soon...

## Contact

My name is Calvin! :]

Check out my other work here on [GitHub](https://github.com/raicalvin).

You can also reach me by [email](mailto:raicalvin@gmail.com)!
